friends, hello here, just woke up
lined up good troops
decided to attack this thing
cool when not sitting and waiting when
troops build up so at the sound disconnect
sounds are generally so pretty enough
it turned out so whom I sharpen
here to me a friend went grasses and lower
I decided on him to break in 30 helicopters three
Type have three hero hero truth have all
so they stood for improvement
weak they quickly kill 7 arson
and drag rings
2 cryobombs and in the lobby I have a cyborg barely
lived sat well let's see what
it turned out but the only syringe as
would never have thrown the helicopter anywhere
flew
comrade from the sky
Here are these fashion honestly seems to me
that they don’t really work if
the maximum is not pumped decided so
Makar
first helicopters let them hip
and
with cyborg she was a little later
release because he is looking for and everything
choped on my land
the troops
but here a syringe as if to say that
by threw and here threw him left gone
I do not have time to immediately look at
everything
I still have a cryobomb laptop
head 7 7 seconds what works
feeling less than 7 on the other
hand she he freeze not only tesla
and he also Jack Osaris fret and
frostbite general cool
then this 7 seconds seems not to
hundred percent somehow a little very but base
such is the 110 level in general
decent base for 3 stars failed
in a concise but on February 2 but normally in the form
my hands he is quite weak yet
pumping costs weapons improves therefore
from him the crowds are so purely symbolic
it was necessary here after all it was necessary
spark the hall in a bad throw hepar this
already from the town hall the troops went
warhoons was throwing a hippo and would fit
still there are 33 helicopters
2 to 3 helicopters incorrectly thrown need
it was on the bottom not to let anyone
and builds to fit riding okay in
Generally, this is also a good result.
85 percent I saved him even at 86
in general, with utrechka cool and
It turned out the most normal thing that is not
the troops did not expect anything woke up and went
hone on well a day starts without
twenty twelve just woke up
immediately stick so that something like this
Okay, friends, everybody, until we meet again